Update meta descriptions for 25 most popular Learn pages (#1370)
astronomer/docs: learn/error-notifications-in-airflow.md

---
title: "Manage Airflow DAG notifications"
sidebar_label: "DAG alerts"
id: error-notifications-in-airflow
---

<head>

>   <meta name="description" content="Master the basics of Apache Airflow notifications. Find out how to set up automatic email and Slack notifications to be alerted of events in your DAGs." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="description" content="Master the basics of Apache Airflow notifications. Learn how to set up automatic email and Slack notifications to be alerted of events in your DAGs." />
```

>   <meta name="og:description" content="Master the basics of Apache Airflow notifications. Find out how to set up automatic email and Slack notifications to be alerted of events in your DAGs." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="og:description" content="Master the basics of Apache Airflow notifications. Learn how to set up automatic email and Slack notifications to be alerted of events in your DAGs." />
```
